README.md, before:

# Airplane Wildlife Strikes: Data Visualization by Tableau
***

### Author: Alexander K.

<a href="https://public.tableau.com/views/Airplane_Wildlife_Strikes_Tableau_Project/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&:sid=&:redirect=auth&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link" target="_blank">
<img src="Airplane_Wildlife_Strikes.png" 
     alt="Airplane Wildlife Strikes" 
     width="700" 
     height="350" 
     style="display:block; margin:auto; border:2px solid #ccc; border-radius:4px;">
</a>

## Overview


## Project Goals
The main goal of this project is to practice and strengthen data visualization skills by working with Tableau Public. Through building interactive dashboards and visual analyses, the project aims to reinforce understanding of data connections, design principles, and storytelling techniques within Tableau.

Some questions that are posed:

- 

## Actions

- made basic data visualizations, paying attention to narrative and argument in the data
- adjusted aesthetic properties to further a visual argument
- added labels and tooltips for clarity and interactivity
- presented visualizations as a cohesive, balanced dashboard

## Data

There are two [datasets](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/imowi7wd1501x56xat3u2/datasets_Airplane_Wildlife_Strikes_Tableau_Project.zip?rlkey=gb2y5siwi3d6vfpntjq0oqbok&dl=0) used in this project:

1. `FAA-wildlife-strikes.csv` - FAA Wildlife Strikes dataset
2. `passenger-counts_2014.csv` - 2014 Passenger Counts dataset

## Results

The final visualizations and dashboards can be found on my [Tableau Public profile](https://public.tableau.com/views/Airplane_Wildlife_Strikes_Tableau_Project/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&:sid=&:redirect=auth&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link).

Commit message:

final refactoring README; add main project cover image

README.md, after:

# Airplane Wildlife Strikes: Data Visualization by Tableau
***

### Author: Alexander K.

<a href="https://public.tableau.com/views/Airplane_Wildlife_Strikes_Tableau_Project/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&:sid=&:redirect=auth&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link" target="_blank">
<img src="Airplane_Wildlife_Strikes.png" 
     alt="Airplane Wildlife Strikes" 
     width="700" 
     height="540" 
     style="display:block; margin:auto; border:2px solid #ccc; border-radius:4px;">
</a>

## Overview
This project aims to examine data on aircraft strikes with wildlife at the busiest airports in the United States. By visualizing this data using Tableau Public, the project seeks to uncover patterns and insights related to wildlife strikes, airport locations, and passenger traffic.

## Project Goals
The main goal of this project is to practice and strengthen data visualization skills by working with Tableau Public. Through building interactive dashboards and visual analyses, the project aims to reinforce understanding of data connections, design principles, and storytelling techniques within Tableau.

Some questions that are posed:

- what is the dynamic of collisions by year;
- which airports have the highest number of wildlife strikes;
- are there geographical patterns in wildlife strikes across the US;
- is there a correlation between wildlife strikes and passenger traffic at airports;
- which airports spending the most money on repairs;

## Actions

- load data
- explore data
- make basic data visualizations
- adjusted aesthetic properties to further a visual argument
- add annotations for clarity and interactivity
- create dashboard
- upload to Tableau Public

## Data

There are two [datasets](https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fi/imowi7wd1501x56xat3u2/datasets_Airplane_Wildlife_Strikes_Tableau_Project.zip?rlkey=gb2y5siwi3d6vfpntjq0oqbok&dl=0) used in this project:

1. `FAA-wildlife-strikes.csv` - Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) Wildlife Airstrikes
2. `passenger-counts_2014.csv` - Busiest US airports by passenger traffic (2014) dataset

## Results

The final visualizations and dashboards can be found on my [Tableau Public profile](https://public.tableau.com/views/Airplane_Wildlife_Strikes_Tableau_Project/Dashboard1?:language=en-US&:sid=&:redirect=auth&:display_count=n&:origin=viz_share_link).
